Dad, why are you here?
You also know that I am your father
I asked you to ask Lu Jinsheng for some money
Dad Lu Jinsheng is not your ATM
The water poured by the married daughter
How long has it been?
Just protect the man outside
Okay, you can't say it, can you?
Then I'll go find my rich son-in-law
Dad?
The bedroom is already asleep
Please give me a little more time
But I'll see you in three days
Less than 8 million
Don't blame me for being a heartless father
Humph
Aerospace
Do you have any spare money on hand?
Can you lend me some?
Xiaoyan
Your dad came to see you again, it's not me, don't worry
Where are you I came to find you
I have a headache in my life
I want to sleep, can you help me draw the curtains?